docs: clarify lazy plugin side effects (#1841)
voidzero-dev/vite-plus: docs/guide/troubleshooting.md

A minimal staged config looks like this:

```ts [vite.config.ts]

> import { defineConfig } from "vite-plus";

Reviewer: Can the format replacement of single quotes be reverted? These should not need changes.

When `vite.config.ts` imports heavy plugins at the top level, every `import` is evaluated eagerly, even for commands like `vp lint` or `vp fmt` that don't need those plugins. This can make config loading noticeably slow.

Eager plugins can also run unexpected side effects in long-lived tooling processes, such as editor integrations, format or lint language servers, and background workers. If a plugin touches the file system, starts a watcher, reads environment-specific files, or talks to a service during setup, prefer loading it through `lazyPlugins` so those side effects only happen for commands that actually execute the Vite pipeline.

> Use `lazyPlugins` to wrap plugin loading. Plugins are only loaded for commands that need them (`dev`, `build`, `test`, `preview`), and skipped for everything else:

Reviewer: The added guidance is useful, but the new paragraph feels a bit dense. I’d suggest merging the background-process and side-effect examples into a shorter version:

```suggestion
When `vite.config.ts` imports plugins at the top level, they are evaluated for every command, including `vp lint`, `vp fmt`, editor integrations, and long-lived background processes. This can make config loading slow and may trigger plugin setup side effects, such as reading files, starting watchers, or connecting to services.

Use `lazyPlugins` to load plugins only when the Vite pipeline actually runs (`dev`, `build`, `test`, `preview`):
```

This keeps the same intent while making the guidance easier to scan.
